---
page_title: "azuredevops_pipelines_settings Resource - azuredevops"
subcategory: "Pipelines"
description: |-
  Manage pipeline settings of an existing project within Azure DevOps.
---

# azuredevops_pipelines_settings (Resource)

Manage pipeline settings of an existing project within Azure DevOps.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "azuredevops_project" "sandbox" {
  name = "Sandbox"
}

resource "azuredevops_pipelines_settings" "sandbox" {
  general = {
    disable_classic_pipeline_creation    = false
    enforce_job_auth_scope               = true
    enforce_job_auth_scope_for_releases  = true
    enforce_referenced_repo_scoped_token = true
    enforce_settable_var                 = true
    publish_pipeline_metadata            = false
    status_badges_are_private            = true
  }
  project_id = data.azuredevops_project.sandbox.id
  retention = {
    days_to_keep_artifacts        = 30
    days_to_keep_pullrequest_runs = 10
    days_to_keep_runs             = 30
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `general` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--general))
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project.
- `retention` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--retention))

<a id="nestedatt--general"></a>
### Nested Schema for `general`

Required:

- `disable_classic_pipeline_creation` (Boolean) When this is enabled, users will not be able to create / import classic pipelines, classic release pipelines, task groups, and deployment groups. Existing classic (release) pipelines, task groups, and deployment groups will continue to work.
- `enforce_job_auth_scope` (Boolean) If enabled, scope of access for all non-release pipelines reduces to the current project.
- `enforce_job_auth_scope_for_releases` (Boolean) If enabled, scope of access for all release pipelines reduces to the current project.
- `enforce_referenced_repo_scoped_token` (Boolean) Restricts the scope of access for all pipelines to only repositories explicitly referenced by the pipeline.
- `enforce_settable_var` (Boolean) If enabled, only those variables that are explicitly marked as "Settable at queue time" can be set at queue time.
- `publish_pipeline_metadata` (Boolean) Allows pipelines to record metadata.
- `status_badges_are_private` (Boolean) Anonymous users can access the status badge API for all pipelines unless this option is enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--retention"></a>
### Nested Schema for `retention`

Required:

- `days_to_keep_artifacts` (Number) Number of days to keep artifacts, symbols and attachments.
- `days_to_keep_pullrequest_runs` (Number) Number of days to keep pull request runs.
- `days_to_keep_runs` (Number) Number of days to keep runs.
