---
page_title: "azuredevops_pipeline_permissions Resource - azuredevops"
subcategory: "Pipelines"
description: |-
  Sets permissions on pipelines within an Azure DevOps project. All permissions that currently exists will be overwritten.
---

# azuredevops_pipeline_permissions (Resource)

Sets permissions on pipelines within an Azure DevOps project. All permissions that currently exists will be overwritten.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "azuredevops_project" "sandbox" {
  name = "Sandbox"
}

resource "azuredevops_pipeline_permissions" "sandbox" {
  project_id     = data.azuredevops_project.sandbox.id
  principal_name = "[Sandbox]\\Contributors"
  permissions = {
    administer_build_permissions      = "notset"
    delete_build_definition           = "allow"
    delete_builds                     = "allow"
    destroy_builds                    = "allow"
    edit_build_definition             = "allow"
    edit_build_quality                = "allow"
    manage_build_qualities            = "notset"
    manage_build_queue                = "notset"
    override_build_checkin_validation = "notset"
    queue_builds                      = "allow"
    retain_indefinitely               = "allow"
    stop_builds                       = "allow"
    update_build_information          = "allow"
    view_build_definition             = "allow"
    view_builds                       = "allow"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `permissions` (Attributes) The permissions to assign. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--permissions))
- `principal_name` (String) The principal name to assign the permissions.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project.

### Optional

- `id` (Number) The ID of the pipeline. If you omit the value, the permissions are applied to the pipelines page and by default all pipelines inherit permissions from there.

### Read-Only

- `principal_descriptor` (String) The principal descriptor to assign the permissions.

<a id="nestedatt--permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions`

Required:

- `administer_build_permissions` (String) Sets the `AdministerBuildPermissions` permission for the identity. Must be `notset`, `allow` or `deny`.
- `delete_build_definition` (String) Sets the `DeleteBuildDefinition` permission for the identity. Must be `notset`, `allow` or `deny`.
- `delete_builds` (String) Sets the `DeleteBuilds` permission for the identity. Must be `notset`, `allow` or `deny`.
- `destroy_builds` (String) Sets the `DestroyBuilds` permission for the identity. Must be `notset`, `allow` or `deny`.
- `edit_build_definition` (String) Sets the `EditBuildDefinition` permission for the identity. Must be `notset`, `allow` or `deny`.
- `edit_build_quality` (String) Sets the `EditBuildQuality` permission for the identity. Must be `notset`, `allow` or `deny`.
- `manage_build_qualities` (String) Sets the `ManageBuildQualities` permission for the identity. Must be `notset`, `allow` or `deny`.
- `manage_build_queue` (String) Sets the `ManageBuildQueue` permission for the identity. Must be `notset`, `allow` or `deny`.
- `override_build_checkin_validation` (String) Sets the `OverrideBuildCheckInValidation` permission for the identity. Must be `notset`, `allow` or `deny`.
- `queue_builds` (String) Sets the `QueueBuilds` permission for the identity. Must be `notset`, `allow` or `deny`.
- `retain_indefinitely` (String) Sets the `RetainIndefinitely` permission for the identity. Must be `notset`, `allow` or `deny`.
- `stop_builds` (String) Sets the `StopBuilds` permission for the identity. Must be `notset`, `allow` or `deny`.
- `update_build_information` (String) Sets the `UpdateBuildInformation` permission for the identity. Must be `notset`, `allow` or `deny`.
- `view_build_definition` (String) Sets the `ViewBuildDefinition` permission for the identity. Must be `notset`, `allow` or `deny`.
- `view_builds` (String) Sets the `ViewBuilds` permission for the identity. Must be `notset`, `allow` or `deny`.
