---
page_title: "azuredevops_serviceendpoint_permissions Resource - azuredevops"
subcategory: "Service Endpoints"
description: |-
  Sets permissions on service endpoints of an existing project within Azure DevOps. All permissions that currently exists will be overwritten.
---

# azuredevops_serviceendpoint_permissions (Resource)

Sets permissions on service endpoints of an existing project within Azure DevOps. All permissions that currently exists will be overwritten.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "azuredevops_project" "sandbox" {
  name = "Sandbox"
}

resource "azuredevops_serviceendpoint_permissions" "sandbox" {
  principal_name = "[Sandbox]\\Contributors"
  project_id     = data.azuredevops_project.sandbox.id
  permissions = {
    administer         = "notset"
    create             = "notset"
    use                = "allow"
    view_authorization = "allow"
    view_endpoint      = "allow"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `permissions` (Attributes) The permissions to assign. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--permissions))
- `principal_name` (String) The principal name to assign the permissions.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The ID of the service endpoint. If you omit the value, the permissions are applied to the service connections page and by default all service connections inherit permissions from there.

### Read-Only

- `principal_descriptor` (String) The principal descriptor to assign the permissions.

<a id="nestedatt--permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions`

Required:

- `administer` (String) Sets the `Administer` permission for the identity. Must be `notset`, `allow` or `deny`.
- `create` (String) Sets the `Create` permission for the identity. Must be `notset`, `allow` or `deny`.
- `use` (String) Sets the `Use` permission for the identity. Must be `notset`, `allow` or `deny`.
- `view_authorization` (String) Sets the `ViewAuthorization` permission for the identity. Must be `notset`, `allow` or `deny`.
- `view_endpoint` (String) Sets the `ViewEndpoint` permission for the identity. Must be `notset`, `allow` or `deny`.
